# codilitytest
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingRTUH5Y-296/ binary longest whatever
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training2ZENVH-XG7/  rotations
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingFRVPQH-YZK/ odd occurence
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingCAYR4M-SZK/  frogjumper
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingYDPKEP-ZSA/ frogriverOne
https://app.codility.com/c/demo/results/trainingR9XQV7-NHB/ missingpermElement
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingPAFG2A-CDB/ maxcounters
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingDAPVPC-6GR/ smallest_positive_missing_int
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingXHTS93-CW8/ countingdivs

https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training8D62QV-3S5/ permcheck
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training99BEHU-EJB/ tapeequilibrum [Todo Rework on this]

https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingQ3VBES-GHB/ GenomicRangeQuery
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training5236MQ-62Y/ minAvg2slice
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingYUBCSA-N6A/ passingcars

https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingZQ23S5-924/ triangles1
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingNCHJTX-9HD/ unique distict element
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingVR4HAU-V23/ triangles
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingW6Q99U-7SB/ max-product-of-3
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingR3PBYW-SS9/ distinct intersection


https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingY6W4R9-TZS/ stone-wall
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingZW4HKS-WU2/ nested-parenthesis
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training7A6SV2-TSA/ brackets
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training6J7NHV-AK2/ fish


https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingJXYCWN-2D2/ dominator

https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingRPUMR8-CM4/ maxslicesum
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingX4HRFD-MVQ/ maxprofit
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training3SG5M7-Y29/ maxdoubleslicesum





https://app.codility.com/demo/results/trainingT8DKR4-7GG/ count factors
https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training87R4YT-PNE/ minperimeterrectangle // 2 more here

https://app.codility.com/demo/results/training86RESJ-2MA/ none divisor seives
